Rework motivation, offer to champion (#2)
lucacasonato/proposal-evaluator-attributes: README.md

instantiates, and binds WASM executables, allowing for easy calling between
WebAssembly and ECMAScript.

The Web Assembly [Module Linking Proposal][] extends the requirements for the
ESM host integration to support a secondary type of module import - a
"module import" as distinct from an "instance import". Where an instance import
would return a fully linked and evaluated `WebAssembly.Instance`, a module import
would return the compiled but unlinked and unexecuted `WebAssembly.Module` object.

In the module linking proposal both types of object are importable and can be
associated with the same import specifier. In essence, the module type import
provides the module constructor to create custom instances as having separate
linear memory and linked bindings.

This higher level control over the Wasm execution sandbox ends up being an
important practical requirement in many Web Assembly workflows.

The requirement is thus that two imports of the same asset may return a distinct
ES module result based on some import hint.

> This proposal proposes this hint to be in the form of ECMAScript syntax that

Author: I've worded this badly. Perhaps somethign like - 

```suggestion
This proposal proposes defining this hint while also offering syntax for extending it to JS.
```

THe motivation is effectively "two-pronged" - wasm module linking, then also the need for evaluator attributes more generally. I wonder if there are other use cases to consider that can be brought in here? Say we wanted another type of CSS module import interpretation? Not sure...
